README.md, before:

#rshell

Runs commands with execvp in order to produce a terminal experience. allows use with commands that are found with the execvp function.


##License information 

Copyright (c) 2014, Henry Garcia
All rights reserved.

All files are licensed under the BSD3.

https://github.com/hgarc014/rshell/blob/master/LICENSE

##Run program/install

1. open a terminal and clone the repository
`git clone https://github.com/hgarc014/rshell.git`
2. cd into the project
`cd rshell/`
3. create executables
`make`
4. execute rshell
`bin/rshell`

##Bugs rshell

1. having different symbols in one line will cause an error in execvp
  * `ls && ls || ls ;exit`
  * running | or & will cause errors because we do not have piping or giving back terminal implemented
2. Having same symbol without arguements will not throw an error
  * `ls && && && ls` will execute ls twice and ignore `&&` symbols (same for `||` and `;`)
  * this is also the cse if && is first
    * `&& ls`
  * Acts similarly when given `&&&` `|||` `;;;`
3. Having only one symbol will not execute commands
4. will not ask for continued input if an input is like `ls &&` will just execute
command and then look for a new line of commands
5. if a bash script contains the let command rshell will not know what this is.
6. if hostMachine is larger than 50 characters it will be shortened
  * if hostMachine or HostName could not be determined an error message will print
  and the prompt will be a `$` instead of hostname and username
7. cannot run background programs
  * `google-chrome &`
8. cannot run a command in quotes
  * `"ls"`

##Bugs ls

1. hidden files are colored farther due to setw

Commit message:

updated README.md for ls

README.md, after:

#rshell

Runs commands with execvp in order to produce a terminal experience. allows use with commands that are found with the execvp function.


##License information 

Copyright (c) 2014, Henry Garcia
All rights reserved.

All files are licensed under the BSD3.

https://github.com/hgarc014/rshell/blob/master/LICENSE

##Run program/install

1. open a terminal and clone the repository
`git clone https://github.com/hgarc014/rshell.git`
2. cd into the project
`cd rshell/`
3. create executables
`make`
4. execute rshell
`bin/rshell`

##Bugs rshell

1. having different symbols in one line will cause an error in execvp
  * `ls && ls || ls ;exit`
  * running | or & will cause errors because we do not have piping or giving back terminal implemented
2. Having same symbol without arguements will not throw an error
  * `ls && && && ls` will execute ls twice and ignore `&&` symbols (same for `||` and `;`)
  * this is also the cse if && is first
    * `&& ls`
  * Acts similarly when given `&&&` `|||` `;;;`
3. Having only one symbol will not execute commands
4. will not ask for continued input if an input is like `ls &&` will just execute
command and then look for a new line of commands
5. if a bash script contains the let command rshell will not know what this is.
6. if hostMachine is larger than 50 characters it will be shortened
  * if hostMachine or HostName could not be determined an error message will print
  and the prompt will be a `$` instead of hostname and username
7. cannot run background programs
  * `google-chrome &`
8. cannot run a command in quotes
  * `"ls"`

##Bugs/Limitations ls

1. hidden files are colored farther due to setw
2. assumes a set terminal width (can be changed in source code)
3. There are extra newlines after ls output depending on type of flag/file parameters
4. files are sorted very similarly to ls, however shorter files are placed first on my version unlike ls. (ex re.file and readme.file)
5. files are also outputted alphabetically left to right unlike ls, which outputs alphabetically in columns (top down).
